README.md, before:

# EcommerceSite

This is a Postgresql (without ORM) utilizing version of the repository LochostEcom which was set up with MySql - https://github.com/costheta-z/LochostEcom, for the purpose of hosting on heroku.
Here's the link to the deployed website - https://ecommerceprojectpapapaintings.herokuapp.com/ you can check it out (hopefully there are no errors I have left in there lolz).

Gpay API is used for facilitating checkout.

PS. If you upload some images while on the site please make sure they aren't inappropriate, it's an academic project. And if you hit on checkout make sure you don't go through with the payment because the gateway is set up completely and if someone enters actual merchant name, id and gateway it would process the payment (it is not very probable that anyone would ever upload on a project site, there are only digital paintings I made uploaded so far, just so it looks full and demonstrate how the site works, but still it's always better to caution anyone who visits).

Commit message:

volitality of images explained
Heroku database is ephemeral

README.md, after:

# EcommerceSite

This is a Postgresql (without ORM) utilizing version of the repository LochostEcom which was set up with MySql - https://github.com/costheta-z/LochostEcom, for the purpose of hosting on heroku.
Here's the link to the deployed website - https://ecommerceprojectpapapaintings.herokuapp.com/ you can check it out (hopefully there are no errors I have left in there lolz).

Gpay API is used for facilitating checkout.

PS. If you upload some images while on the site please make sure they aren't inappropriate (also the heroku filesystem is ephemeral so the images would not be displayed beyond one cycle because the DB stores the addresses to uploaded images in the upload folder not the actual images themselves), it's an academic project. And if you hit on checkout make sure you don't go through with the payment because the gateway is set up completely and if someone enters actual merchant name, id and gateway it would process the payment (it is not very probable that anyone would ever upload on a project site, there are only digital paintings I made uploaded so far, just so it looks full and demonstrate how the site works, but still it's always better to caution anyone who visits).
